autolabor: fix #3812 (#3813)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/changelog.txt

## New Features

## Fixes

> - `autolabor`: now unconditionally clears ``game.external_flag`` when unloading a fort or the plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `autolabor`: now unconditionally re-enables vanilla work details when the fort or the plugin is unloaded
```
